Consul Upstream Load Balancing lab (#244)
hashicorp/katakoda: consul-upstream-load-balancing/finish.md

## Review

> In this hands-on lab, you will operated a Consul datacenter, deployed using Docker, to configure load balancing policies on Envoy sidecar proxies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this hands-on lab, you operated a Consul datacenter that was deployed using Docker and configured load balancing policies on the service sidecar proxies.
```

Specifically, you:

> - Inspected the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inspected the environment with the Consul CLI
```
Is that accurate?

- Verified the default *round_robin* load balancing policy
- Used centralized configuration to set service defaults
- Used the _maglev_ policy to configure load balancing with sticky session
- Verified the new configuration

> - Uses the *least_request* load balancing policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Used the *least_request* load balancing policy
```
